cool
are you pro syndicate well how about how
much money do you make a year dude in
two laps every day and night 5000 so do
you know like vanossgaming and pewdiepie
and everyone yeah do you hang out with a
nipple rubber not that much can you turn
it off so I can hear your actual voice
because it's really sexy like I I jack
off to your videos all the time can you
turn off your voice changer because I
want to hear your actual sexy voice all
right you don't have to I mean I don't
want to force it upon you I know it
takes a lot of work to press a button
yeah because we had to change wires and
stuff Jack can you give me a shout out
right now can give me a shout out to my
channel because I have fun actually
today's a big day for me I hit a 1
subscriber got my first subscriber I've
been doing YouTube for like two years
now and I have my first subscriber
finally I mean he dislikes all my videos
but yeah it but he did he dislikes I'm
like yeah so can you give me a shout out
because that would help me a lot my
channel is a pro pepper pro pepper like
professional pepper book pro pepper oh
like me a shout out yeah can you give me
a shout I didn't know yeah right now I
want to hear you give me a shout out I
want to hear you give me a shout up well
right now because I had to ask their
isolated game at the airport to drop off
my grandma what up I'm doing right now
ok are you do you guys yeah p what you
are glassy our glasses warm no
oh you you post you post in GTA on video
and then call of duty advanced warfare
videos yeah alright I'm looking at it
right now oh that's my yeah yeah my
pepper has glasses oh cool oh you're on
my channel oh this is this is awkward
one put your ear tag what's your
gamertag huh what's your gamertag what
what's your gamertag you idiot I'm sorry
Cindy kid I didn't mean the yellow you
always booked rectangle fuck crack mango
yeah it's kind of weird image bag why
didn't you go two packs with all the
other big youtubers I mean I'll wait no
no you are a pax I saw you post pictures
of it so how are you playing right now
are you playing from your hotel room
today allow that yeah can you give me
your channel since you don't use it
anymore
oh I I gotta go club I had to go jump on
my grandma at the airport well way but
Kenny what's the password to your
channel wow I thought I thought you were
I thought you were a nice person to
indicate you shouldn't kill your fans
like that oh no no i don't i'm not
watching your videos ever again you
killed me good stuff guys Achilles it
you've changed you Jake said you get all
your subscribers are getting to your
head what happened wet Ukraine because
you killed me is it do you killed
reasoning okay do you kill me then again
hey